and I think it was good to be able to
observe the lessons because it puts you
in as a role of the cheddar so you're
able to observe from their perspective
and I would help us we'll go I on skill
based work Wonder chitters watching to
be able to think well that I was in that
position what could I say what was I
thinking yeah under sail whatever you
were thinking would you like and give
you another viewpoint and as to what you
would already improved but your life's
on approval even before you teach it and
unless I all worked when we go in scopus
what could be nice to be able to to know
that we have the experience of being in
the other side of the lessee being
behind the scenes such yeah it
definitely made more aware of your
audience and had to remember you're
speaking to the children Messiah yeah
and I was good also the is very
constructive so it was it was a lot less
daunting than happened i'm meeting with
your children it was a fear period in
teaching would she still because there's
a lot more hands in the classroom that's
why i felt especially as our templates
were very hands-on and creative so there
was a lot more guidance for the pupils
that they needed help and if there was
just one person yes much easier control
practical lesson I felt a lot more
confident doing practical lessons with
the children were up on a boat to doing
things most pinkman was messy but it was
okay because you knew there were neither
were a lot of people my gentleman to
Baylor has improved my science teacher
and even the presentations that we just
have been able to see other people's
ideas and what TFA check on teaching the
CM things it'll be nice to get to school
and being more comfortable doing
something different so going doing
something lighter thorac know and
because I would practice didn't with
Heather 1 i'd move see what other people
think
presentations and it'll be nice night of
the confidence to go out and be it
adventurous with your teaching sign and
what say the most important thing that
I've taken away from the whole project
is that it's so important for Keith
glassons practical the children enjoying
so much more gets so much more iron
elastin and if we have been simple
worksheets but wouldn't have got the
same oral language to see him understand
and of all the content to incorporate
alert and subjects and tears up other
topic areas into science that lent
itself really well to that and I think
being the w 5 i'm saying will have
different approaches to different parts
of science really both left together as
well and our scheme was very cross
curricular there was Arthur's PA there
is science and technology in Ivan so
there was a bit of everything and I
really and don't especially w 5
experience it see you see the science
can be more than just science that there
is so many things that you can mix your
other subjects even if you're not
labeling a lesson of science you get an
idea of the underlying kind of miles
coming eggs i like to say the team
building before other social skills so
much more than just because before and
it's always been sent result has also
always been daunting for me the result
of this project i feel i can text and
more confident like i'll be more i'll be
happier to go i can teach science in to
be more practical big were adventurous
with it and I'm to bring in the rate and
bring any other subject as possible I
think as well we have to turn it kind of
realized as practical teachers it
doesn't always have to be set by the
book on a pitch I
says something to spark another idea you
just have to go with that and listen to
what the children are saying to this
project and as a teacher I would be more
likely to take the children to w5
because we don't there's so much that
they the children they learn from their
experience w 5 from the exhibits and
from the work shape of the workshop it
wasn't just the exhibits to do with
forces that we were teaching they
learned everything there are different
things about light and about there's
geography the weather and things like
that it learned so much more than just
science and even aside from actual topic
areas and the science and what it was
that was great to see there were no
social contexts and really taking this
making use of being in team and team
situation talking about what they could
see and what they noticed what's really
nice which is moving more difficult to
recreate another culture as well as that
being a 25 we know who supported the
staff are there and they gave lots of
guidance and there's so much for the
children to do their never idle
you